humans who were sacrificed for a
building construction
are believed to be able to make the
building last longer than buildings in
general
sam a young woman who recently graduated
as an engineer
on the day of her birthday and
graduation sam's father who is the owner
of a building demolition company
invites sam to work at her family's
company and sam is given her first
assignment to tear down a unique
apartment building on the outskirts of
the city
if the project is successfully done by
sam then her father will reward her with
a vacation ticket around europe for sam
and her boyfriend peter the next day
sam immediately went into the field and
arrived at a large apartment building
which has a very unique construction the
building was built in 1990
by an architect named maelstraza there
sim met an apartment manager named mary
and also her son named jimmy jimmy then
tells sam the rules in the apartment on
the way to sam's room in room 208
where sam is forbidden to go up to the
eighth floor of the apartment
when sam was bathing in her room she
felt something strange in her room
she then walked around the apartment and
she met mary
sam is intrigued by mary when mary asks
sam
whether she knows the history of the
building of the apartment until some
finally searched the internet
when she was in a shop as it turned out
the building maker
male strassa and 16 other people were
found dead with hardened conditions
inside the apartment walls
where the incident occurred in 1993
after sam returned to the apartment she
marked the points to be fitted with
dynamite
suddenly a man came towards sam with an
axe then she hit the wall that sam had
marked
it turned out that the man was one of
the residents of the apartment
who did not accept the plan to demolish
the apartment building
at night jimmy came to sam's room to
take her up to the eighth floor
and they arrived in the room where the
body of maelstrassa and 16 other people
were found
then jimmy said to sam from those
victims there is one little girl named
julie
who used to live in a room which has now
been vacated
besides that it turns out that jimmy's
father was also one of the victims
when jimmy was still in her mother's
womb after sam saw the mail straws a
picture on the wall
jimmy scared sam by playing his
flashlight then someone suddenly
appeared
and jimmy spontaneously chased the man
sam's flashlight suddenly went off which
made her very scared
she panicked and ran scared until
finally sam fell
luckily jimmy came back to sam and took
sem out of the room
because she got injured sam asks jimmy
to treat her
and because sam is opening her pants jim
looks for an opportunity to stroke sam's
thigh
sam realized what jimmy was doing she
then scolded jimmy
and jimmy became embarrassed and
immediately left sam's face
when sam fell asleep she had a nightmare
where she dreamed that if she was pulled
into a room
then she was cast with cement in that
room
peter then came to visit sam to the
apartment sam then invited him to go up
to the eighth floor secretly
unintentionally sam sees a secret button
on the wall
and after sam presses it a secret door
opens
it turns out that in the room there is a
glass which is connected to the bathroom
in sam's
room which means that all this time sam
has been spied on by jimmy from the room
after searching deeper there is also a
garbage disposal room
and from the end of the room mary
suddenly appears and meets the two of
them
sam then reported that all this time
jimmy had peeked at her from the secret
room earlier
and after experiencing bad things in the
apartment sam's boyfriend tried to calm
sam
and he asked her to come home the next
day at that moment they immediately have
sex
and it turned out that jimmy sadly heard
their romance from outside sam's room
the next day sam has managed to collect
the data needed to execute the building
she prints all the documents of the
report and she will send it to the
office
before sam left jimmy came to sam's room
to apologize
and he gave sam a parcel in which the
contents of the parcel were a book
containing the entire apartment building
structure
which was written directly by mail
straza after
that jimmy invited sam to go to the
eighth floor but strangely jimmy
suddenly disappeared
and suddenly jimmy's voice asked for
help which sound came from a large hole
sam then intends to go down into the
hole to save jimmy
while peter stays on top to hold the
rope
when sam was in the hole peter was
suddenly shot with a sharp object
which killed him instantly sam who lost
control finally fell into the hole
long story short sam woke up after
passing out naked
it turns out that in the whole sam is
not alone she is trapped with a man
in which the man is maelstrasza the
architect of the unique apartment
all of that is the work of jimmy who was
planning to lock sam in that hole
with the aim that sam could learn to
love him
jimmy sends the printed document to
sam's father's company
he also manipulates sam as if she didn't
come back from the apartment
because she was going on vacation with
peter
jimmy orders male straws as strange
things such as telling him to kiss sam
and stopping after being ordered by
jimmy
as a gift for obeying his orders jimmy
gives a gift of food to male straza
and a walkie-talkie to sam sam uses the
walkie-talkie to seduce jimmy
so he wants to release her from that
hole even sam even takes off her clothes
to make jimmy tempted
however jim was not at all exposed to
sam's seduction
then male straza spoke to sam he said
that he had been confined in that place
for 5 000 days
and he also told her that he was
confined there because of mary's actions
who wanted to take revenge for the death
of her husband which had been used as a
sacrifice for the apartment building
project
maelstroza did this because he believed
that buildings built at the expense of
humans will last much longer
as was done in the construction of
pyramids in egypt
mary started to get suspicious because
she didn't see sam's whereabouts
so she went to the eighth floor to check
the room where maelstraza was locked up
and how angry mary is with jimmy knowing
that sam is there too
because if the police find out then both
of them will be in danger
the next day the team from sam's
father's company arrived at the
apartment building to demolish the
building
they then went inside and started
putting explosives at the point sam had
marked on her report
knowing this sem back to seduce jimmy to
release her
and she promises jimmy that she will
learn to love him
however male straza did not want sam to
come out of the hole
by tying sam she then dug a grave from
which the grave could release
cementitious liquid
male straza wants to sacrifice humans
again so that the apartment building
doesn't collapse when it is detonated
sam managed to untie the knots in her
hands she took a sharp object to stab
maelstraza
but mel straza did not fight he instead
asked sam to stab him
because maelstraza wanted to sacrifice
himself
sam is forced to do the orders of
maelstrasse and in a state of death
maelstraza took the time to thank sam
for helping maelstrasza to make himself
a sacrifice for his own masterpiece
meanwhile outside the building the
explosives team is counting down to blow
up the building
but luckily jimmy suddenly changed his
mind and he immediately ran into the
building to save sam
the explosion was cancelled the team and
sam's father ran
after jimmy from behind arriving in the
hole where sam was
sam's father was surprised to see his
daughter who was in the hole
jimmy then apologized to sam's father
and he confessed
all her actions in front of sam's father
he then jumped into the hole
he fell right next to sam while dying
jimmy apologized to sam for what he had
done to sam
jimmy finally died next to sam while sam
who was still alive was evacuated by a
medical team
who came to the location elsewhere mary
was finally arrested by the police for
the deeds she had done to mail straza
and sam
at the end of the story it is told that
the building was not blown up by sam
because of sam's admiration for the
genius of maelstraza
and maybe this means that the myth of
the sacrifice of a building project can
make the building last longer is really
proven